Configuring IAM for Spot Data Feed (#659)
kubecost/docs: aws-spot-instances.md

# AWS Spot Instances

> ## Considerations before configuring spot pricing

Reviewer: *Spot

> Kubecost uses onDemand pricing from the cloud providers until the actual cloud bill is available. This is almost always ready in 48 hours. Most users will likely prefer to configure [AWS cloud-integrations](aws-cloud-integrations.md) and skip the below setup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kubecost uses public pricing from the cloud providers until the actual cloud bill is available. This is almost always ready in 48 hours. Most users will likely prefer to configure [AWS cloud-integrations](aws-cloud-integrations.md) and skip the below setup.
```

> For users that have a majority of their costs from spot nodes, the below guide can increase short-term (<48 hour) node costs. Note that all other costs will still be onDemand, which is why the below guide should be considered optional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For users with most of their costs from spot nodes, the guide below can increase short-term (<48 hour) node costs. Note that all other costs will still be based on public pricing, which is why the below guide should be considered optional.
```

## Configuring the Spot data feed in Kubecost

With Kubecost spot pricing- data can be pulled hourly by integrating directly with the AWS Spot feed.

First- to enable the AWS Spot data feed, follow AWS' [Spot Instance data feed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/spot-data-feeds.html) doc.

When configuring note the settings used as these values will be needed for the Kubecost configuration.

> There are multiple options- this can either be set from the Kubecost UI or via `.Values.kubecostProductConfigs` in the Helm chart. Note that if you set any kubecostProductConfigs from the Helm chart, all changes via the frontend will be deleted on pod restart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are multiple options- this can either be set from the Kubecost UI or via `.Values.kubecostProductConfigs` in the Helm chart. Note that if you set any `kubecostProductConfigs` from the Helm chart, all changes via the frontend will be deleted on pod restart.
```

For Spot data written to an S3 bucket only accessed by Kubecost, it is safe to delete objects after three days of retention.
{% endhint %}

## Configuring IAM

Kubecost requires read access to the Spot data feed bucket. The following IAM policy can be used to grant Kubecost read access to the Spot data feed bucket.

```json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
        "Sid": "SpotDataFeed",
        "Effect": "Allow",

>         "Action": [

Reviewer 2: Suggest revising permissions to the following:

```
"s3:GetBucketAcl",
"s3:GetBucketLocation",
"s3:GetObject",
"s3:ListBucket"
```

Author: @srpomeroy I used `policy/kc-spot-feed-us-east-2-policy` as reference for this doc, and I also used that in my repro. Have you tested the above permissions? If so I can make the change, as your suggestion would be more restrictive!

          "s3:ListAllMyBuckets",
          "s3:ListBucket",
          "s3:HeadBucket",
          "s3:HeadObject",
          "s3:List*",
          "s3:Get*"
        ],
        "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::${SpotDataFeedBucketName}*"
    }
  ]
}
```

To attach the IAM policy to the Kubecost service account, you can use IRSA or the account's service key.

### Option 1: IRSA (IAM Roles for Service Accounts)

```bash

> eksctl create iamserviceaccount \

Reviewer 2: Will this overwrite an existing service account annotation?

Author: Hmm good catch, I think it probably will. Would it help to add the following note?

> If your `serviceaccount/kubecost-cost-analyzer` already has IRSA annotations attached, be sure to include all policies necessary when running this command.

Reviewer 2: That works!
